This clip looks at best practices for securing access to your edge locations.
Consider prewarming.
How fast do you need to operate?
I'm setting up a load balancer,
and we know that the load balancer can be application based or web based.
There could be a level of traffic.
How much traffic are you going to have?
How much traffic is Wired Brain going to have?
Well, they don't really know, they're kind of a new company,
but maybe over time you say, I know this is the holiday season,
or a sales season, and I need capacity.
So you'll see this note on Amazon saying,
configure the load balancer to have the appropriate level
of capacity based on expected traffic,
but you have to contact AWS and say I want my load balancer prewarmed,
and they'll say, here's some questions that we need answers for such as,
what's the request rate expected, are there keep-alives used on the back end,
meaning how long is that channel open for requests?
Are there things being kept alive for a longer period of time?
What's the percent of traffic using SSL termination
on the elastic load balancer?
What's the amount of data passing through the load balancer?
What's the number of availability zones that will be used?
So they'll do it,
but they want to know that you know exactly how much traffic
you're going to be actually expecting, because they want to be ready for it.
And finally, is the back end scaled up and down?
Well, we hope so.
So you're telling them, this is my two-tier,
three-tier app, here's all the bells and whistles I've got,
I need a load balancer based on expected traffic in these conditions.
Monitoring the elastic load balancers with CloudWatch, absolutely.
And we want to consider using the following metrics,
the latency, how much traffic you're having,
what's the request count, is the traffic building,
what's healthy, what's unhealthy, what's my back-end response error messages,
what's the elastic load balancing response count?
We're tracking all of these details.
You'll be able to find out exactly the potential
problems with your load balancer.
You won't know if you don't monitor.
It's like that Easy button at Staples.
Let the elastic load balancer do the SSL termination.
Plan to terminate at the ELB.
This will save time, CPU processing time for your instances,
saves you administrative overhead, you set up the load balancer,
the certificates, the level of security,
you're done, and you've protected your instances.
Now consider to use cross zone load balancing,
not enabled by default,
but plan on placing your instances into multiple availability zones,
and take advantage of this feature.
I'm going across my different availability zones and balancing
between the resources in the different zone.
This will give you availability, resiliency, failover.
Make sure you rely on health checks.
Take advantage of health checks,
health checks for the elastic load balancer and their instances,
of course.
I have an outage, requests are routed away from the unhealthy ELB,
hopefully to another availability zone.
Instance failure, auto scaling groups integrated with the elastic load balancer.
Route 53 health checks are published to all DNS servers,
so no matter where your clients are coming from,
the DNS servers know what's healthy and what is not.
Now when you get some time, take a look at your DNS records,
and make sure you're not using A address records for domain names.
This means you're using hard-coded IP addresses.
What you want to use is an alias or canonical name record,
where the resource can change behind the record,
gives you the failover that you require.
You don't want to be a relying on a specific, hard-coded IP address.
What happens when that box disappears?
And lastly, protect your web app.
Stick it behind a load balancer.
The load balancer is only accepting well-formed TCP connections,
so stuff isn't getting through that's not supposed to get through.
SYN floods or UDP reflection attacks, they're just not accepted.
They are not well formed.
When an attack is detected, the ELB will scale to absorb the additional traffic,
so if there's a DDoS attack going on hammering the service,
in the background the load balancer will detect this and will
scale up to get around that CPU overload that's going on and
trying to respond to all those fake requests.
Use the web application firewall to create a mitigation strategy,
block known IP addresses with rules and actions,
and create rules with conditions that block,
and, as mentioned,
use the elastic load balancing and the auto-scaling groups for
that horizontal scale of the your applications,
and if I do that, I can monitor and respond with CloudWatch alarms.
It's time for a wrap up.
In this module, we looked at elastic load balancing,
we looked at traffic encryption, we looked at security policies,
we looked at Route 53, we took a look at the AWS web application firewall,
and we looked at the new AWS Shield, and then we ended off,
as we always as do, with best practices for securing access.
That's it for this module.
Thank you so much for hanging in.
Hopefully you learned lots of good stuff. Up next, securing access to S3 object storage.